PREVIOUSLY ON
"VERONICA MARS"...
I LIKE BEING SWEET TO YOU.
I'M REALLY GLAD.
YOU SELL TESTS.
IT'S NOT EASY.
TELL ME
YOU'RE A BUSINESS MAJOR.
PHILOSOPHY.
YOU'VE BEEN SO SWEET TO ME.
I JUST --
Woman: THAT OLD BAG --
ONE MORE PERM,
AND SHE WON'T HAVE
A HAIR ON HER HEAD.
Woman #2: SHE GOT PLENTY
ON HER ARMS, BABY.
SURE DOES, DON'T SHE?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THIS IS A CLASS.
HEY,
WITHOUT FILM STUDIES,
HOW WILL WE KNOW
WHAT MOVIES MEAN?
SO...
PIZ DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING
ABOUT THE WHOLE PARTY...THING?
LIKE HOW YOU TWO MADE OUT
IN THE HALL
AND THEN YOU TOOK OFF?
WHY? IS HE CALLING YOU
ALL THE TIME?
HE CALLED ONCE.
THE DAY AFI'ER.
BUT...HOW WOULD YOU
INTERPRET HIS MOOD?
YOU WANT ME TO HAVE
THIS TALK?
AM I A IZ'YEBR'OLD GIRL?
BUT YOU'RE DRINKING FRESCA AND
WATCHING JOAN CRAWFORD MOVIES.
LOOK, I TOLD YOU --
BE HONEST, LET HIM DOWN EASY.
SO HE'S GONE ALL MUSHY.
I DON'T KNOW.
MY INTERPRETATION
OF PIZ'S MOOD -- NORMAL.
SO IS THE GIRL TALK
OVER?
I'M TRYING TO WATCH
THE WOMEN HERE.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
HOW WAS YOUR DAY?
IT'S OFFICIAL --
TWO FEWER BURGLARIES
THIS MONTH THAN LAST.
I SMELL A TREND.
THE REGISTRATION DEADLINE
FOR THE SPECIAL ELECTION
IS MONDAY.
SO YOU'RE RUNNING...
UNOPPOSED.
MIGHT STAND A CHANCE.
OKAY, JOHNNY SCOPES
AND DESMOND FELLOWS MET WHERE?
NYU, DEAN'S OFFICE --
JOHNNY DROPPING OUT
AND DESMOND EXPELLED.
FORMED MY PRE'ITY PONY
THE NEXT DAY.
SCORE ONE FOR ARNOLD.
PIZ, NAME THREE
MY PRETI'Y PONY SONGS
THAT MADE
THE COLLEGE-RADIO CHARTS.
"BLACK CAT,"
"YOU BREAK ME, YOU BUY ME,"
"JESUS SAVES,
BUT WHERE DOES HE SHOP?"
THEIR LAST ALBUM
WAS RELEASED...?
'96 -- "MORE PROBLEMS."
GAME OVER.
"THE WAKE" E.P., 1997,
RELEASED OVER DESMOND'S
OBJECTIONS AFTER JOHNNY DIED.
THEIR OFFICIAL LAST ALBUM.
OH.
CONGRATULATIONS, PIZ.
JOB'S YOURS.
YOU REPLACE JOE.
THERE'S A LOT RIDING ON THIS.
DON'T BLOW IT.
HEY, VERONICA,
GUESS WHAT.
WHAT?
YOU KNOW MY PRETTY PONY?
YEAH.
I TOTALLY LOVE THEM.
I KNOW, RIGHT?
SO, DESMOND FELLOWS
IS COMING TO HEARST.
AND GUESS WHO JUST WON
THE MY PRETTY PONY-OFF
AND GETS TO BE
HIS GUIDE?
I'M GUESSING YOU?
MM-HMM.
WHY IS HE COMING HERE?
ONE OF OUR IDIOT DEEJAYS
SWORE ON AIR,
AND THE FCC IS LITERALLY
FINING US INTO OBLIVION,
SO WE GOT DESMOND TO COME PLAY
A FUND-RAISER TO PAY THEM OFF.
OTHERWISE
THE STATION IS DEAD.
JOHNNY SCOPES DIED,
DIDN'T HE?
YEAH, BUT DESMOND
HAS THE BACKING TAPES
WITH JOHNNY'S VOCALS,
SO HE PLAYS ALL THE MY PRETTY
PONY SONGS ALONG TO THE TAPES.
IT'S JUST AWESOME.
AND I CAN GET TICKETS
IF YOU MAYBE WANT TO --
YEAH. MAYBE.
UM...I'LL SEE.
I GOT TO RUN.
I'M LATE.
AND FINALLY, CONSIDER THIS --
DO YOU KNOW ANYONE
WHO DOESN'T WEAR SHOES?
Professor:
VERY NICE, DONALDSON.
SO...
LOGAN ECHOLLS.
WHAT HAVE YOU GOT FOR US?
UH, ACTUALLY, I WAS HOPING
I COULD PRESENT
MY BUSINESS PLAN ON MONDAY.
WHY AM I NOT SURPRISED?
[ BELL DINGS ]
I DIDN'T GET THE CHANCE
TO SAY THIS ON THE WAY OVER,
BUT I WAS THE BIGGEST
MY PRETTY PONY FAN.
SWEET.
HEY, THAT'S MY DRINK,
RIGHT?
UH, YEAH --
TONIC AND ICE.
HOPE THIS IS OKAY.
NICEST PLACE IN NEPTUNE.
ALL THE AMENITIES.
WHAT'S HE STILL DOING HERE?
WAITING FOR THE TIP.
IT'S A CUSTOMARY THING...
IN AMERICA.
HERE YOU ARE,
MY GOOD MAN.
THAT'LL GET YOU 20 BONES
ON eBAY.
WHY?
I'M DESMOND FELLOWS.
OBVIOUSLY, HE'S NOT COOL.
WE'LL LEAVE THAT
FOR THE ROOM-SERVICE GUY.
YOU KNOW WHAT, FEZ?
I'M PRETTY BEAT.
WHY DON'T YOU GO OUT,
SEE IF YOU CAN'T GRAB US
A FEW OF THOSE OLD MINI BOTTLES
OFF OF A CART?
I'M JUST GONNA CATCH
SOME Z's.
SURPRISE.
WHOA.
YOU REALLY DO HAVE
ALL THE AMENITIES.
YOU SAID
"SURPRISE ME," SO...
SURPRISE.
RIGHT.
I SAI--
WHO ARE YOU?
UM...
BIackCat70.
ARR!
ALL THE E-MAILS?
"SURPRISE ME
WHEN I'M IN TOWN."
UH...
THAT WAS YOU?
OH, MY GOD.
RIGHT.
MISUNDERSTAN DING.
Man: THUNDER IS --
Man #2:
HERE WE'RE DRYING APPLES.
APPLES FOR APPLE --
Man:
GOING TO BE GABRIEL'S THUNDER.
RAMONE GOOSE
IS A DOUBLE TONIGHT.
SORRY.
DO COME SEE THE SHOW.
ADVICE --
NEVER MEET YOUR IDOL.
MORE ADVICE -- ALWAYS CONFIRM
THE ACCURACY OF PHOTOS.
SO YOU SAID
THERE WAS A BEACH?
UH, YEAH.
MORE THAN ONE.
YEAH.
[ SIGHS ]
OR WE COULD FORGET
THE BEACH.
GO TO MEXICO.
GET REALLY WEIRD.
MEXICO
I'M NOT SURE WE CAN DO.
SHOW'S OFF, SO WHY NOT?
WHAT? W-WHY?
ALL THE BACKING TAPES AND STUFF
USED TO BE IN THIS BAG.
NOW IT CONTAINS ONLY THIS.
* A LONG TIME AGO,
WE USED TO BE FRIENDS *
* BUT I HAVEN'T THOUGHT OF YOU
LATELY AT ALL *
* COME ON, NOW, SUGAR *
* BRING IT ON, BRING IT ON,
YEAH *
* JUST REMEMBER ME WHEN *
* WE USED TO BE FRIENDS
A LONG TIME AGO *
* WE USED TO BE FRIENDS *
-- Captions by VITAC --
www.vitac.com
IS THE EGGPLANT GOOD?
IT'S OKAY.
HOW ABOUT THAT STUFF?
IT'S GOOD.
IT'S PROBABLY HORRIBLE
FOR YOU, RIGHT?
I'LL STAY WITH THE EGGPLANT.
NO, WAIT.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
I NEED TO SEE
A PSYCHIATRIST.
I WAS THINKING
MORE AN ENGLISH PROFESSOR.
WHAT WE'RE DEALING WITH HERE
IS AN ABSURD LEVEL
OF SYMBOLISM.
TWO VEGGIE LASAGNAS.
SYM BOLISM.
I MEAN, THE BRONSON PARMESAN
IS GOOD FOR ME, BUT -- OOH!
THE MAXUCCINE
LOOKS AWFULLY TEMPTING.
IT'S NOT MY FAULT
MAX WON'T STOP CALLING.
LIKE YOU SHOULD TALK.
ME?
I'M NOT ORDERING GOOD BOY
WHILE WISHING
I ORDERED BAD BOY.
NO. YOU GAVE UP BAD BOY
BUT KEEP ASKING FOR SAMPLES
OF GOOD BOY.
NO. I --
WAIT, WHAT?
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
OKAY, IF LOGAN
IS THE FETTUCCINE --
IT'S THE EGGPLANT.
PIZ.
ACTUALLY, I WANTED
TO TALK TO YOU, TOO.
I...NEED TO APOLOGIZE.
AT THE PARTY,
I WAS IRRESPONSIBLE.
I think we should file the party
away and just be friends...
for now.
I KIND OF GOT THAT.
I'M ACTUALLY CALLING 'CAUSE
I NEED HELP WITH A CASE THING.
OH.
[ BELL DINGS ]
HEY.
FORGET SOMETHING?
NO, JUST SAYING HI.
I HAVEN'T SEEN YOU
SINCE PARKER'S PARTY.
WHAT BRINGS YOU HERE?
OH, JUST...A CASE THING.
ACTUALLY, CAN I ASK YOU
SOMETHING?
THE WEEKEND THAT YOU
ALMOST GOT YOUR HEAD SHAVED,
YOUR DAD SAID YOU WERE STAYING
AT WALLACE'S.
IT WAS
JUST YOU AND PIZ, HUH?
YES, BUT, NO.
NO.
I MEAN, I SLEPT
IN WALLACE'S BED,
AND IT WAS
JUST A PLACE TO STAY.
NOTHING WAS --
OH, THANK GOD
YOU'RE HERE.
UH...HEY.
HEY.
GOOD LUCK.
EMPTY. JUST A HOTEL ROBE STUCK
IN THERE TO MAKE IT LOOK FULL.
LOOK, WITHOUT THOSE TAPES,
HE CAN'T --
HEY, PUSS, THIS IS ALL WE HAVE
LEFT, WHICH I WON'T TOUCH.
YOU NEED TO CONTACT
MANAGEMENT IMMEDIATE--
HEY, IS THAT
YOUR GIRLFRIEND?
UH, NO, JUST A FRIEND.
VERONICA. HI.
I'M A REALLY BIG FAN.
YOU'RE JUST USING HIM
TO GET TO ME.
MERCENARY.
I LIKE IT.
I'M DOING A SHOW
TOMORROW NIGHT.
IF YOU WANT TO HANG
BACKSTAGE, MONICA --
HER DAD'S A P.I.
SHE'S GONNA HELP US FIND
THE WOMAN WHO TOOK THE TAPES.
OH, YEAH, I THINK I FIGURED
THAT WHOLE THING OUT.
COME HERE.
CHECK IT OUT.
IS THAT THE WOMAN?
THAT WAS MY MISTAKE.
THAT'S BlackCat80.
THE WOMAN IN MY ROOM
WAS BIackCat70.
NUMBER TROUBLE.
DO YOU HAVE ANY PICTURES
OF THE WOMAN
WHO WAS IN YOUR ROOM?
[ SIGHS ]
NO.
ANYONE EVER TELL YOU
YOU LOOK LIKE
A FEISTY YOUNG BARBARA EDEN?
HOW DID SHE KNOW
YOU'D BE HERE?
HOW OLD ARE YOU,
MONICA?
I'M 11.
YOU ARRANGED THIS HOW?
INSTANT MESSAGING.
BUT I DIDN'T SAVE
ANY OF THE...
WOW.
ALL BUSINESS.
DEADLY.
YEAH, THERE SHE IS --
BIackCat70.
IT'S A SHAME SHE WAS SO OLD.
SHE SEEMED COOL.
SO YOU DIDN'T GET
HER NAME?
JUST BlackCat70.
WHAT'S THAT?
SHE TRY AND DRAW HERSELF?
IT'S A CHINESE CHARACTER.
I KNOW A COUPLE GUYS
TAKING CHINESE.
WAS THERE ANYTHING
IN THE BAG?
JUST MEDICATIONS, PILLS.
WHAT ARE YOU TAKING
PILLS FOR?
AH, YOU KNOW.
LIFE.
[ HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYS ]
YOU EVER HAVE
THAT NIGHTMARE
WHERE YOU FORGET
YOU'RE TAKING A CLASS
AND YOU HAVE TO TAKE
THE FINAL?
NO.
I HAVE TO COME UP WITH AN ENTIRE
BUSINESS PLAN BY MONDAY.
DUDE, THAT'S A BUMMER.
[ Laughing ] OH!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
GETTING FAMOUS.
WHO IS THAT?
DUDE, THAT'S ME.
GHOST RIDIN' THE WHIP!
CHECK IT OUT.
* NOW GAS, BRAKE, YEAH *
* GAS, BRAKE, YEAH *
* SHAKE THEM TREADS *
* LET ME SEE YOU
SHOW YOUR GRILLE *
RUN OVER YOUR OWN FOOT?
YEAH, WHICH IS WHY
I THINK I HAVE A REAL SHOT
AT THE TOP OF THE CHARTS.
[ MUSIC CONTINUES ]
THIS IS SOMETHING
PEOPLE DO?
COOL PEOPLE.
[ SIGHS ]
YOU DID GOOD
FOR YOUR FIRST TIME.
NEXT TIME,
IT'LL BE EASIER.
THE NEXT
AND LAST TIME I RUN
WILL BE TO CHASE DOWN
AND KILL
THE INVENTOR
OF ULTIMATE FRISBEE.
[ TELEPHONE RINGS ]
HELLO?
HEY, LOGAN.
PARKER'S NOT HERE.
ME?
GRADE MY ASS.
DOT NET, YES.
I NEED TO PRESENT A VIABLE
BUSINESS PLAN FOR A CLASS.
I NEED A
LOWEST-COMMON-DENOMINATOR
WEBSITE WITH A SIMPLE,
INTERACTIVE ELEMENT
THAT I CAN BUILD
A BUSINESS PLAN AROUND.
YOU CAN PUT THIS TOGETHER
IN YOUR SLEEP.
I'LL PAY.
AND THE CATCH?
IT'S DUE MONDAY MORNING.
I'LL NEED RED BULL
AND LICORICE.
DEAL.
YOU'RE ON THE AIR
WITH DESMOND FELLOWS
OF MY PRETTY PONY,
PLAYING A BENEFIT TOMORROW
NIGHT AT LIBERTY LUNCH,
BROUGHT TO YOU
BY WRIGLEY'S EXTRA GUM.
OKAY, CALLER,
ARE YOU THERE?
THEIR LEFTOVER GUM?
THE BRAND.
EXTRA GUM.
SUGARLESS.
OKAY, CALLER,
ARE YOU THERE?
Woman:
Desmond, you rock.
Make sure you play
"You Break Me" tomorrow, okay?
OH, YEAH.
ALL THE OLD HIT.
YOU BET.
HEY, ARE YOU THAT REDHEAD
OUT IN THE FOOD COURT?
HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT
SHOWING ME THOSE BIG OLD --
OKAY! UH...
SECOND CALLER,
YOU'RE ON WITH DESMOND.
Man:
Dude, you suck.
OH, HEY,
THANKS A LOT, MAN.
SO,
WHAT'S YOUR QUESTION?
You just scrounge money off
the memory of your dead partner.
How do you live
with yourself?
WELL, I DRINK HEAVILY,
AND I ABUSE DRUGS.
Hack!
MOVING ON.
YOU'RE ON WITH -- WITH DESMOND.
Man: I'm calling
from Semites for the Savior.
We want everyone to know
this man makes songs
that mock _
our religious beliefs.
YOU'RE A JEWISH GROUP,
AND YOUR INITIALS ARE S.S.?
OH, GOD.
We encourage everyone to pray
he cancels the show and --
"NAZI" GONNA HAPPEN.
NOW,
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
THE SHOW'S
CANCELING ITSELF.
I WOULD PRAY, INSTEAD,
FOR A GIRLFRIEND.
HEY, WHAT'S UP?
IT'S DES.
Man: Dude, party, Miller Hall,
room 404, tonight.
GOT A PEN?
THAT WAS GREAT.
HOME, PLEASE.
Trish: PIZ?
WHAT DID HE MEAN,
"CANCELING ITSELF"?
IT'S NOTHING.
HE JUST MISPLACED
THE BACKING TAPES.
YOU KNOW WHAT HAPPENS
IF WE HAVE TO CANCEL THIS SHOW.
FAX! COME ON,
THIS AIN'T "NIGHT COURT."
SACKS, WHERE ARE
THOSE DRUG STATS?
SHERIFF.
LEO.
SHERIFF MARS.
WHAT BRINGS YOU
AROUND HERE?
I WAS HOPING
I COULD HAVE A WORD WITH YOU.
WHAT HAVE YOU
BEEN UP TO, LEO?
DOING SECURITY
AT SPORT HAUS,
WHICH IS WHAT
I WANTED TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT.
I WAS
ON THE AFTERNOON SHIFT,
AND I NOTICED ONE OF THE STOCK
GUYS ACTING KIND OF WEIRD --
MAKING CALLS FROM THE PAY PHONE
ACROSS THE STREET,
TAKING THE OCCASIONAL PHOTO
OF THE FLOORS,
BACK OFFICES
ON THE CELLPHONE.
WHAT, LIKE HE'S CASING
THE JOINT?
KIND OF.
AND I NOTICED A NEW NAME
ON THE CLEANING-CREW ROSTER.
DAN NY BOYD.
FITZPATRICK FLUNKY.
I TELL MY SUPERVISOR
MY CONCERNS.
HE SAYS
HE'LL LOOK INTO IT.
NEXT DAY, I'M SWITCHED
TO A NEW SHIFT.
SOMETHING'S NOT RIGHT.
DAN NY BOYD, HUH?
I'M FRIENDLY WITH A JUDGE
WHO MIGHT GIVE ME A TAP
ON BOYD'S PHONE.
STAY PUT,
AND I'LL SEE WHAT I CAN DO.
WHAT I WANT TO KNOW
IS HOW DID THAT GUY
WRITE COOL,
INSIGHTFUL SONGS?
OR DID JOHNNY
DO THE GOOD ONES?
DESMOND WROTE
ALL THE GOOD ONES.
I THINK HE'S JUST TIRED.
HE'S BEEN ON THE ROAD
ALL SPRING.
WE GOT CLASS
IN FIVE MINUTES, SO...
VERONICA --
VINCENT, MARTY.
I FIGURED,
BETWEEN THEM, THEY'D KNOW.
WE NEED TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT THAT MEANS.
OKAY.
SO, THIS REPRESENTS --
WHAT'S THE WORD?
IT'S LIKE A PLEASING QUALITY,
YOU KNOW?
LIKE...CHARMING.
OR MORE.
IT'S A SPIRITUAL QUALITY,
BUT LIKE CHARMING OR EFFORTLESS.
GOD.
I GOT IT -- GRACE.
GRACE.
RIGHT, YEAH.
Grace: WHAT?
WHAT IS THERE TO SAY?
I WAS A HUGE PRETTY PONY FAN.
DESMOND AND I
EXCHANGED MESSAGES.
AND BELIEVE IT OR NOT,
I WASN'T ALWAYS A BORING
ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF CHINESE.
I WAS ONCE...RATHER WILD.
WAS? YOU CLIMBED DOWN
FROM THE ROOM ABOVE ON A SHEET.
WE'RE NOT THE WILD PATROL.
WE JUST NEED HIS STUFF BACK.
WHAT STUFF?
FROM HIS BAG...
THAT YOU TOOK AFTER --
I DIDN'T TAKE ANYTHING.
YOU WERE THE ONLY ONE ALONE
WITH HIS BACKPACK.
HE WAS A JERK, SO --
I DIDN'T TAKE ANYTHING.
PROFESSOR SCHAFFER,
THE SITUATION IS LIFE-AND-DEATH.
THERE WAS MEDICATION IN THERE,
WHICH DESMOND NEEDS...
TO LIVE.
OH, MY GOD.
IS HE OKAY?
I'LL CANCEL MY CLASS.
OKAY, WE'LL CALL MY DOCTOR.
WHAT'S HE MISSING?
SO YOU BELIEVE HER?
I KIND OF DO.
SHE WOULD HAVE GIVEN A KIDNEY
TO DESMOND HAD WE ASKED.
WHO WAS THAT GUY
WHO CALLED
PRAYING DESMOND'S SHOW
WAS CANCELED?
SEMITES FOR THE SAVIOR.
MAYBE THEY HEARD THAT GOD
IS NOW HELPING
THOSE THAT HELP
THEMSELVES.
SO, LOOK-WISE, YOU'RE THINKING
BRIGHT, FUN, SIMPLE.
WELL, ACCESSIBLE.
QUICK LOADING
TO MAXIMIZE CLICK-THROUGHS.
DON'T PUT THE BEST ASSES
AT THE TOP.
MAKE PEOPLE HUNT FOR THEM.
I COMPILED STUDIES
OF BROWSING BEHAVIOR
AND DREW UP RATIOS OF --
YOU DON'T WANT THEM
TOO HIDDEN.
IF YOU CAN'T FIND THE GOOD ONES,
YOU'LL FEEL CHEATED.
AND HIS ROLE
IN THIS ENTERPRISE?
CONSULTANT.
I'M AN ASS EXPERT.
YES, EXCEPT
FOR THE EXPERT PART.
I'M AN ASS?
WHO WOULD YOU ASK FOR ADVICE
ABOUT LIONS, A LION OR A GERBIL?
GERBIL, YOU SAY?
NO, YOU WOULD ASK A LION,
BECAUSE BY VIRTUE
OF BEING A LION,
A LION IS AN EXPERT ON LIONS.
SO...
OKAY. I DON'T SEE HOW
YOU HOPE TO LAUNCH A WEBSITE
ABOUT HOT ASSES
WITHOUT ME, BUT FINE.
IT'S FRIDAY NIGHT.
IF I WALK LONG ENOUGH IN A
STRAIGHT LINE, I'LL HIT A PARTY.
Woman: STATE LEGISLATORS WILL
MEET LATER IN THE WEEK
TO DISCUSS A BILL
BANNING THE SALE OF CONDOMS --
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
I TAKE IT YOU FAILED.
[ SIGHS ]
WE FOUND THE GROUPIE,
BUT SHE SAID SHE DIDN'T TAKE
THE TAPES, SO...
WE HAVE SOME OTHER LEADS.
[ SYNTHESIZER PLAYING ]
* WE'LL FIND THE TAPES
AND GET THEM BACK *
* DO THE SHOW,
AND I'M A HA-A-A-A-CK *
PARTY TIME.
WHAT TO WEAR?
WHAT WAS THAT?
THE SONG?
THAT?
NOTHING.
IT'S A...THING.
IT'S COOL.
IT REMINDS ME OF THE DEMO
ON THE "WILD PARTIES" REISSUE.
INDIE ROCK OR ROCK ROCK?
[ SIGHS ]
ROCK ROCK.
'CAUSE THE BAD BOYS
GET THE CHICKS.
I MEAN, LOOK AT YOU.
YOU'RE SINGLE,
AND YOU'RE VERY NICE, PEZ.
THERE'S A CORRELATION.
DO YOU STILL WRITE STUFF?
WELL, PEOPLE WANT TO HEAR
THE OLD HITS, SO, NO.
WHAT ABOUT THE ONE
YOU JUST PLAYED?
THAT WAS A COOL SONG.
THERE'S NO BRIDGE.
WHO CARES,
ANYWAY, YOU KNOW?
I PLAY THE OLD HITS,
I GET PAID, GO TO PARTIES.
IF IT AIN'T BROKE...
IT'S GONNA BE
A LAME PARTY.
REALLY?
I SHOULD GO TO MEXICO.
IF YOU WORKED ON THE SONG,
YOU WOULDN'T MISS MUCH.
MY STUFF'S LOCKED UP
IN THE CLUB.
I GOT A GUITAR
IN MY ROOM.
WELL, IF IT'S GONNA BE
A LAME PARTY, MAYBE.
I'LL BE BACK
IN 15 MINUTES, OKAY?
...78-YEAR-OLD WOMAN NEIGHBOR
OPENED THE DOOR,
POINTED A SHOTGUN AT THEM,
AND THEN CHASED THE GIRL SCOUT
AND HER FATHER
OFF HER PROPERTY
WITH THE LOADED WEAPON.
AND FINALLY,
A BLAST FROM THE PAST.
AFTER 10 YEARS IN
THE "WHERE ARE THEY NOW?" FILE,
DESMOND FELLOWS
APPEARS TOMORROW
TO GIVE FANS OF CULT FAVE
MY PRETTY PONY
A TASTE OF WHAT
THEY'VE BEEN MISSING.
* AND BACK AT WORK,
THEY STILL LOVE YOU *
* SO WHY DOES IT STILL FEEL
LIKE YOUR INTERVIEW? *
* PAYDAY, AND YOUR MONEY'S
ALL THAT MATTERS NOW *
* YOU'D COMPLAIN
BUT YOU DON'T KNOW HOW *
Woman: WHEN WE COME BACK,
A HOUSEHOLD ITEM
THAT COULD BE DANGEROUS
TO YOUR PETS AND CHILDREN...
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
GO.
DREW BARRYMORE.
YEAH.
ROSE MCGOWAN.
OOH. YES.
JENNIFER LOVE HEWITT.
TWICE.
DUDE, YOU ARE MY IDOL.
WHO ARE YOU?
SO, YOU SURVIVING?
SURVIVING WHAT?
HELPING PIZ.
YOU KNOW, HIS PUPPY-DOG EYES
ON YOU ALL THE TIME.
IT'S WEIRD.
LIKE YOU SAID, NORMAL PIZ.
LIKE...
NOTHING EVER HAPPENED.
WHICH BOTHERS YOU
BECAUSE MAKING OUT WITH YOU
IS SUPPOSED TO BE SOME
LIFE-CHANGING EXPERIENCE.
I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST...
WHY ARE WE TALKING
ABOUT THIS?
I THOUGHT YOU LOVED
THESE KIND OF CONVERSATIONS.
I WAS HOPING
WE COULD FOLLOW IT UP
WITH A CUTENESS COUNTDOWN
OF THE BALDWIN BROTHERS.
I HOPE WE'RE STILL FRIENDS
AFTER I TASER YOU.
THIS IS TOTALLY MODULAR.
YOU CAN SWAP OUT CONTENT
WHENEVER.
LIKE FRANCHISABLE.
YOU WANT TO DO BOOBS, LEGS,
KITTENS, WHATEVER,
YOU CAN HAVE A NEW SITE
UP AND GOING INSTANTLY.
AND BRING
YOUR ADVERTISERS ALONG.
OKAY, WE'LL SELL THAT
IN THE PITCH.
SO THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN INCOME
MODELS WOULD BE WHAT?
EH. NOT EXACTLY
MY HACKER FORTE.
INFORMATION
WANTS TO BE FREE.
BUT I KNOW SOMEONE
WHO KIND OF KNOWS.
WELL, COULD WE CALL
THIS SOMEONE?
MAX?
YEAH, HI.
BUZZ! BIZEN!
DUDE, YOU'RE IN TIME!
WE'RE GOING
SKINNY-DIPPING!
[ CHEERING ]
OKAY, THE KEY TO GOOD
SKINNY-DIPPING IS...
WHAT I CALL
TOTAL NAKEDNESS.
IT'S NOT JUST PHYSICAL NAKEDNESS
BUT SPIRITUAL, AS WELL.
[ GIGGLING ]
LA PAZ, CAPITAL OF BOLIVIA...
GET WEIRD, MAN!
THIS IS MY LIFESTYLE!
WHOO-HOO-HOO!
WHOO! WHOO!
GOD, IN HIS HEAVEN,
IT'S FREEZING.
[ SIREN WAILS ]
OH, MY GOD,
I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS!
HEY, MAN,
WANT TO TURN THAT OFF?
IT REALLY KILLS THE MOOD.
* AND IT'S FADING *
"HEY, JUDE,"
"YESTERDAY," "GET BACK."
CATCHY TUNES, YES.
ROCK 'N' ROLL, NO.
WHAT KIND OF MUSICIAN
DOESN'T RECOGNIZE THE BEATLES
AS THE GREATEST ROCK BAND
OF ALL TIME?
I DON'T RECOGNIZE THEM
AS A ROCK BAND AT ALL.
THEY WERE...TUNESMITHS.
HEY, MAN,
I DIDN'T GET ALL PISSY
WHEN YOU DENIED MY CLAIM
THAT MARSHAL DILLON WAS THE
GREATEST SHERIFF OF ALL TIME.
MARSHAL DILLON
WAS A MARSHAL
AND, MORE IMPORTANTLY,
IS FICTIONAL.
THAT'S WHAT THE BEATLES
ARE TO ME -- FICTIONAL.
"REVOLUTION," "HEY, JUDE" --
THESE WERE REAL SONGS, MAN.
"NORWEGIAN WOOD."
[ CHUCKLING ]
I -- SORRY.
I'M SORRY.
I USED TO KNOW A RENT BOY FROM
OSLO WHO CALLED HIMSELF THAT.
UH, MR. MARS, I THINK DESMOND
IS JUST WINDING YOU UP.
MOST CRITICS REFERENCE
THE BEATLES INFLUENCE
IN DESMOND'S MATERIAL.
OH, YOU MEAN
THOSE BEATLES.
I'M SORRY.
I THOUGHT YOU MEANT
THE OTHER ONES
WITH THE TWO E's
FROM THE LOWER EAST SIDE.
NO, THEY'RE TOTALLY
FICTIONAL.
JOHN, PAUL, GEORGE,
AND THE DRUMMER?
OH, THOSE GUYS
ARE AWESOME.
VERONICA, COULD YOU HAVE SACKS
BRING ME THE LEG IRONS?
COME ON, DAD.
LET IT BE.
HERE'S WHAT I DID
ON MY TERM-PAPER SITE.
BREAK IT DOWN.
FOR THE LAZY,
SEARCH AND CREDIT BUTTON THERE.
FOR THE DUMB, BILLABLE LINKS AT
THE TOP DISGUISED AS FUNCTIONS.
SO THEY LINK
WITHOUT REALIZING.
AND I MAKE A DOLLAR.
SEE, THE POINT
OF THE INTERNET
IS TO MAKE MONEY
OFF STUPID PEOPLE.
I LIKE
HOW YOU THINK, MAX.
THAT SOUND YOU HEAR IS
MY IDEALISM QUIETLY SHATTERING.
THAT OTHER SOUND YOU HEAR
IS MY CYNICISM LAUGHING
AT YOUR IDEALISM SHATTERING.
IT WON'T BE LAUGHING WHEN I
CRASH YOUR GREEDY WEBSITE.
I'LL BE LAUGHING
WHEN YOU TRY.
WILL YOU? MAYBE I'M IN YOUR
TRUSTED HOST TABLE ALREADY.
SHOULD I GET A CAMERA?
THERE'S GOT TO BE SOMEONE
THAT'LL PAY
TO SEE THIS HOT
NERD-ON-NERD ACTION.
Man: WELCOME TO
SEMITES FOR THE SAVIOR.
HI.
WHO'S IN CHARGE HERE?
ME. YOU GUYS INTERESTED
IN JOINING?
NO.
YES, WE ARE.
AND WE WANT TO KNOW
WHAT YOU GUYS ARE DOING
TO TRY AND STOP
THAT DESMOND FELLOWS SHOW.
WE SENT A STERNLY WORDED LETTER
TO THE DEAN'S OFFICE.
REALISTICALLY.
LIKE A REAL WAY TO,
YOU KNOW...
TAKE CARE OF IT.
VERONICA.
YEAH?
THAT WAS THE BELLBOY WHO SHOWED
DESMOND AND ME TO THE ROOM.
RATN ER.
OH, GREAT.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA
ACCUSE ME OF THIS TIME?
HMM.
HOW ABOUT...
STEALING DESMOND FELLOWS'
BACKING TAPES?
CONGRATULATIONS.
WRONG AGAIN.
YOU HAD DESMOND'S BAGS
IN YOUR POSSESSION.
YOU'RE A MEMBER OF A GROUP
PROTESTING HIS PRESENCE.
THAT, TO ME, IS A THING
THAT MAKES YOU GO, "HMM?"
WHAT'S THE THING
THAT MAKES YOU GO AWAY?
I DIDN'T KNOW WHO THAT GUY WAS
UNTIL GEORGE TOLD ME.
WHO ELSE COULD HAVE PUT
THE HOTEL ROBE IN THERE?
WHAT ROBE?
THE BIG, BLUE HOTEL ROBE
IN THE BAG.
YOU SAID IT WAS
A NEPTUNE GRAND ROBE.
YEAH.
A FLUFFY BLUE ROBE.
NEPTUNE GRAND ROBES
AREN'T --
BLUE.
THEY'RE WHITE.
OKAY.
I'M APOLOGIZING.
I'M SORRY FOR THINKING
YOU WERE GUILTY.
I DON'T ACCEPT
YOUR APOLOGY.
I'LL LIVE.
SO, CAN I SEE THE BAG
AND THE ROBE?
RIGHT.
NOT A NEPTUNE GRAND ROBE.
SO, WHAT --
THAT'S A CLUE?
WHAT KIND?
NOTHING ELSE WAS IN THERE.
SO...DID YOU SOLVE IT?
YES.
THE ANSWER IS
DANNY CLEAVER'S BAG
AND ALL MY TIME
THIS WEEKEND.
WHAT ARE TWO THINGS
YOU DIDN'T MEAN TO TAKE BUT DID?
HUH?
THIS ISN'T YOUR BAG.
YOU MUST HAVE SWITCHED AT
THE AIRPORT WITH DAN NY CLEAVER.
IT'S A LOS ANGELES
PHONE NUMBER,
AND THE SHOW IS
IN FOUR HOURS, SO...
WE SHOULD HAVE YOUR TAPES BACK
RIGHT ON TIME.
DANNY CLEAVER?
DID YOU HAPPEN TO NOTICE THAT
YOUR BACKPACK WAS FULL OF TAPES?
I'VE BEEN
KIND OF HUNG OVER.
MY BAGS
ARE STILL IN THE CAR.
HOW DOES THIS GUY MAKE IT
THROUGH AIRPORT SECURITY?
[ CHUCKLES ]
"JOHNNY'S VOCALS
FROM 'MORE PROBLEMS.'"
THIS ALBUM,
MY FRESHMAN YEAR OF HIGH SCHOOL,
I HAD A JOB WASHING DISHES
AT A NURSING HOME,
BUT ALL THE BOSS DID
WAS TALK ABOUT BAR FIGHTS
AND WEIRD SEXUAL ENCOUNTERS.
HOW WEIRD?
WORST YEAR OF MY LIFE.
BUT AN OFF-BRAND MP3 PLAYER AND
THIS ALBUM GOT ME THROUGH IT.
WHEN I WAS ON DANCE TEAM,
I TRIED TO CONVINCE THEM
TO DO A ROUTINE TO
"WHY YOU SHOT ME DOWN,"
BUT CHANGED THE WORDS
TO "WE THREW A TOUCHDOWN."
WAIT, YOU WERE, UH...
YOU WERE ON A DANCE TEAM?
I WAS A DANCE-TEAMER
WITH A DEEP SOUL.
HMM.
PLUS, I THOUGHT DESMOND
WAS CUTE.
WHO KNEW HE'D TURN OUT
TO BE SUCH A WASTOID LECH?
I DON'T THINK
HE'S ALWAYS BEEN LIKE THAT.
STILL, IT'S GONNA BE
A GOOD SHOW.
I'M GLAD WE SAVED IT.
GOOD THING I GOT THE NERVE
TO CALL YOU.
WHY WOULDN'T YOU
HAVE CALLED?
YOU KNOW.
I THOUGHT
IT MIGHT BE AWKWARD.
ME AND YOU...
AFTER...THAT.
YEAH.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'M GLAD IT'S NOT.
AWIQNARD.
OH, IT IS.
NO, I'M VERY UNCOMFORTABLE.
I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE
EVEN MORE UNCOMFORTABLE.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
"NEW CRAP"?
WHAT ALBUM WAS THAT?
THIS IS NOT AN ALBUM.
HE SAID HE'D BEEN WORKING ON
SOME NEW STUFF.
HE ACTUALLY, UH...PLAYED
SOME STUFF FOR ME.
IT WAS PRETTY COOL.
[ ROCK MUSIC PLAYS ]
* SHE PICKED ME
OUT OF THE MILLIONS *
* THUMBING AN O.E.D. *
* DRESSED ME DOWN
TO CIVILIAN *
* CRACKS THE CODE
ON THE ROSETTA STONE *
* SAYS THE WORD
FOR "ALONE" IS "ALONE" *
Leo: THAT TRUCK --
IT SHOULDN'T BE HERE.
Keith: THEY'RE GETTING
AN EARLY START.
WHAT?
DAN NY BOYD.
IT'S HAPPENING NOW.
THOSE ARE GUNS.
JEEZ.
VINNIE?
HE WAS THEIR MAN
GETTING THE SECURITY LAYOUT?
YEAH.
HOW DO WE PLAY IT?
WAIT FOR BACKUP.
YEAH, SACKS, IT'S ME.
I'M AT SPORT HAUS, AND THERE'S
A ROBBERY IN PROGRESS.
GET SOME CARS DOWN HERE.
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
YEAH?
Man: Someone else just called to
report a robbery at Sport Haus.
He says he trapped them
inside the store.
Isn't that where
you are?
VINNIE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
WORKING FOR A LIVING.
OWNER HIRED ME -- OW!
GOT WIND OF SOME FOUL PLAY,
AND HE BROUGHT ME IN.
SO I INFILTRATED
THEIR GANG, AND...
[ POUNDS ]
SEALED WITH A KISS, SHERIFF.
Man:
HEY, VINNIE, OPEN THE DOOR!
VINNIE, OPEN THE DOOR!
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
JUST WAITING ON THE TAPES.
THEY SHOULD BE HERE
ANY SECOND.
I NEVER SHOULD HAVE LET
PIZ HANDLE THIS.
YOU KNOW, IF WE HAVE TO
REFUND THOSE TICKETS --
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
PIZ, WHERE ARE YOU?
IT'S FOR YOU.
HEY, MAN.
DID YOU GET THE TAPES?
YEAH, WE GOT THEM,
BUT WE'RE STUCK IN TRAFFIC,
AND I DON'T THINK
WE'LL MAKE IT IN TIME.
OH, MAN. HOW LONG?
Well, there's an accident.
I don't know.
IS THERE ANYTHING YOU CAN DO
UNTIL WE GET THERE?
DID YOU EVER FINISH
ANY OF THOSE NEW SONGS?
UM...
MAYBE A FEW.
CAN YOU START
WITH ONE OF THOSE?
UH...
LET ME THINK ABOUT IT.
YOU REALIZE YOU'VE LEFT
YOUR FATE IN THE HANDS
OF A SPINELESS
AND SEMI-ALCOHOLIC
HAS-BEEN ROCK STAR.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
SO, I-I BET YOU ALL WANT TO HEAR
SOME MY PRETTY PONY HITS, HUH?
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
UM...HOW ABOUT
SOME NEW SOLO MATERIAL?
[ SCATTERED CHEERING ]
ALL RIGHT, NEW SOLO MATERIAL
IT IS, THEN.
* SHE PICKED ME
OUT OF THE MILLIONS *
* THUMBING AN O.E.D. *
* DRESSED ME DOWN
TO CIVILIAN *
* CRACKS THE CODE
ON THE ROSETTA STONE *
* SAYS THE WORD
FOR "ALONE" IS "ALONE" *
* MY BEFORE AND AFTER *
* OH OH OH-OH OH *
* SHE FOUND
THAT ARMOR WAS TRULY *
* SOME WORK OF GENIUS
SHE HELD... *
PIZNARSKI,
YOU'RE A GOOD GUY.
* ...SAID THE CHURCH
OF HIS HOLINESS LIGHT *
* THIS WORLD'S NO DEAD
AND ITS PARK-AND-RIDE *
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
THANKS FOR COMING.
HAVE A GOOD NIGHT!
THANK YOU.
[ CLAPPING ]
PEZ, YOU MADE IT.
HEY, WERE YOU ABLE TO CATCH
THE END OF THE SHOW, AT LEAST?
YEAH, WE CAUGHT
THE WHOLE THING.
WERE YOU SCREWING
WITH ME?
I WANTED TO HEAR
THE NEW STUFF.
IT WAS JUST --
IT WAS AWESOME.
YOU'RE A BAD MAN,
PIZNARSKI.
IS THIS ABOUT RIGHT?
YOU'RE ALL SET
TO FLEECE IDIOTS.
THANKS
FOR HELPING US OUT.
HEY, FREE FOOD.
WHY NOT?
JUST REMEMBER,
YOU GOT TO LINK TO ME.
SURE YOU WANT TO COMPROMISE
YOUR REPUTATION
ON YOUR CHEATING SITE
WITH A LINK TO OUR ASS SITE?
ANYTHING
TO HELP YOU GUYS OUT.
YOU UP FOR BREAKFAST
TOMORROW?
I'VE GOT TO FINISH UP.
RAIN CHECK.
WHAT?
NOTHING.
Grace: HEY.
YOU'RE STILL
KIND OF A JERK, BUT...
THAT WAS
KIND OF INCREDIBLE.
THANK YOU.
WANT TO GO GRAB A DRINK, GET
AWAY FROM ALL THESE DAMN KIDS?
IF I DO SAY SO,
A...M-ASS-TERPIECE."
[ CHUCKLES ]
SO WHAT'S UP
WITH VERONICA AND PIZ?
SHE...
SHE, LIKE, DATING HIM
OR WHAT?
SHE'S TRYING TO LET HIM
DOWN EASY.
BUT...
I DON'T KNOW.
WHEN WE WERE --
WHEN WE WERE DATING,
DID THEY EVER...YOU KNOW?
NO MORE TALK
OF VERONICA'S LOVE LIFE.
EVER.
BUT I WILL SAY, IF YOU THINK
SHE WAS UNFAITHFUL,
YOU'RE AN IDIOT.
NOW, IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME...
IT'S MORNING.
OKAY.
SO IT'S JUST, WHAT -- MAC?
ACTUALLY, FORGET THE CHECK.
HOW ABOUT A 50% STAKE?
SO YOU'RE PART OWNER.
HUH.
SAW HIS NUMBERS AND FIGURED
I'D BE A MILLIONAIRE BY 2050.
BRONSON.
HMM?
I, UH...
YOU'RE A GREAT GUY, BRONSON.
YOU REALLY ARE.
AND I REALLY FEEL
ALMOST INSANE SAYING THIS,
BUT I REALLY THINK
I HAVE TO.
I THINK WE SHOULD BREAK UP.
I THINK
THAT'S HOW IT SHOULD BE.
I'M REALLY, REALLY SORRY.
THE AVERAGE TEEN
SPENDS 16 HOURS A WEEK ONLINE
AND CLICKS
ON HUNDREDS OF LINKS.
AND IN THIS DAY AND AGE,
SOMEONE IS THERE TO MAKE
A PERCENTAGE ON EACH CLICK.
WHAT DOES THE AVERAGE TEENAGER
WANT TO SEE?
[ SHOUTING ]
THE FEMALE POSTERIOR.
IT COMMANDS A HUGE SLICE
OF THE AVERAGE SURFER'S
ONLINE ATTENTION.
OUR GOAL IS TO TAKE
THAT TINY PERCENTAGE...
ALL RIGHT, MR. ECHOLLS,
THANK YOU.
WE'VE SEEN QUITE ENOUGH.
NO, I'M NOT
SCREWING AROUND, SIR.
IT HAS INCOME STRINGS --
THAT'LL DO.
YOU CAN SIT DOWN NOW.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
Keith: YEAH.
"A," I FEEL RESPONSIBLE
FOR YOU BEING FIRED.
THE OWNER WAS WRONG
TO FIRE YOU, BUT --
WHAT'S "B"?
"B" IS WE NEED MEN.
WHAT DO YOU SAY, LEO?
FEEL LIKE GETTING BACK IN?
I'LL COME IN
FOR THE PAPERWORK.
LEO?
ARE YOU UNDER ARREST?
BECAUSE I'VE GOT AN IN
WITH THE SHERIFF.
ME TOO.
I'M A DEPUTY AGAIN.
SO I GUESS
I'LL BE SEEING YOU AROUND.
JUST LIKE OLD TIMES.
HE'S BACK?
YEP.
HOW'S YOUR ROCKER FRIEND?
ON HIS WAY TO PLAY
UNIVERSITY OF ALASKA.
GOOD.
I DON'T WANT TO BE SQUARE, BUT
YOU KEEP AWAY FROM MUSICIANS.
MR. VAN LOWE.
TO WHAT DO WE OWE THE HONOR?
JUST A FOLLOW-UP, YOU KNOW?
ON THAT CRIME I STOPPED.
AND TO SAY THANKS.
"IT WAS THE ACTIONS
"OF LOCAL PRIVATE INVESTIGATOR
VINCENT VAN LOWE
"THAT LED TO THE SUSPECT S
BEING APPREHENDED.
"'VINNIE DID A GREAT JOB
ON THIS ONE,'
"SAID ACTING SHERIFF
KEITH MARS.
'HE'S AN ASSET
TO THIS COMMUNITY.'"
"HE'S AN ASSET
TO THIS COMMUNITY."
THAT'S GREAT, KEITH.
YOU CAN'T BUY
THAT KIND OF PUBLICITY.
I'VE TRIED.
YOU REALLY CAN'T.
HARDLY NEED TO THESE DAYS,
VINNIE.
YOU'RE THE ONLY P.I. IN TOWN.
I DIDN'T MEAN FOR MY BUSINESS.
I MEAN FOR MY CAMPAIGN.
CAMPAIGN?
FOR SHERIFF.
THE SPECIAL ELECTION.
SPORT HAUS OWNER AND A BUNCH
OF HIS PALS SAID I SHOULD,
SO I...THREW MY HAT IN
THIS MORNING.
VINNIE VAN LOWE --
"HE'S AN ASSET
TO THIS COMMUNITY."
SHERIFF MARS.
THAT'S GONNA LOOK GREAT
ON MY POSTERS.